Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[ambient electronic music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[upbeat music]
[crickets chirping]
It's a beautiful night...
-Yeah.
-But. sometimes it scares me.
You've always made
me feel safe in it.
Then why does this
have to be goodbye?
Because you haven't
been truthful.
You said you were separated
when we started this.
I can't be involved
with a married man.
It's not fair to anyone.
Look. patrick. I love you.
But you have to make a choice.
Until then...
We have to do what's right.
You're pretty tough.
you know that?
Can I drive you home?
Yeah.
I'm sorry I lied
to you about susan.
I just didn't
want to lose you.
Live and learn. right?
[April] I still
love you. patrick.
I love you too. April.
And I want to do right by you.
And I promise you--
-[horn honking]
-[April gasps]
Patrick. look out!
-[both screaming]
-[tires screeching]
[cars crash]
[somber instrumental music]
-[somber instrumental music]
-[medical equipment beeping]
[nurse] you must be
stella. April's mom?
[stella] yes.
Your daughter's
fine. mrs. Cook.
She's under mild
sedation for shock.
And her left arm is sprained.
We'll be keeping her
overnight for observation.
Can I see her?
Just for a minute.
She needs her rest.
-Thank you.
-Mm-hm.
[equipment beeping]
I'm sorry. sweetheart. but
it's your momma's fault.
Just don't want
me around anymore.
I know she can
take care of you.
She's doing real well so far.
But she wants me to leave.
I gotta go.
[stella gasps]
Sweetie. I'm here.
Just breathe.
Okay. you're gonna be fine.
You're in a hospital.
Everything's all right.
Okay.
Okay. is patrick...
Is he...
He's in icu. It's
touch and go right now.
Oh my god.
This is just a nightmare.
It's a nightmare.
it's a nightmare.
-April. I just--
-get away from me!
Baby. please. just--
I said get away from me!
[emotional orchestral music]
You made dad go away!
I never want to
see you again!
Go away!
Get away from me!
I'm sorry. mom.
I'm sorry.
[stella breathing heavily]
Oh. lisa.
Thank god you're here.
I came as soon as I heard.
What's happening?
She's having a panic attack.
They started when she
was nine years old.
After what happened
with her father.
Did she receive treatment?
She's been seeing a therapist
off and on. ever since.
But it never goes
completely away.
She still has trigger
moments like this.
Sometimes she shuts me out.
It can be very difficult.
April?
[April breathing heavily]
Hey. kiddo. it's me.
Lisa?
Just look at me.
[lisa inhales]
Breathe.
That's it.
Release. There you go.
Good. Okay.
Don't worry at all. okay?
You're gonna get out
of here in the morning.
And you're be
right back to work.
Your mom's already
called nurse kathy.
And she's going to
come stay with you
For as long as you
need her. okay?
Okay. I think kathy could help.
Yeah.
She always did.
Just remember
we're all here for you.
Your mom...
Your mom is here for you.
[gentle piano music]
Just stay cool.
Breathe.
[monitors beeping]
[low somber music]
I am so sorry.
What are you doing here?
I just came to say goodbye.
We both almost died. susan.
And that makes it okay
That you were sleeping
with my husband?
I want you to know
that I ended it.
I wasn't going to
see him anymore.
I don't believe it!
I know what I did was wrong.
But all I can say
now is I'm sorry.
She won't stand between us.
I am gonna take
care of you now.
[low ominous instrumental]
You can see. this is what
they did. It's really bad.
Andy told me to apologize
for the screw up.
The artist had a
solid portfolio.
He's not sure what went wrong.
It's a lot of work. but I
can get it done from home.
That's what I came
in to tell you.
I'm getting a few
things together
And setting up shop
at my home office.
So. doctor's orders.
Will you be back soon?
Couple of weeks.
My friend. nurse kathy.
is staying with me
Until I feel better.
I'm...Having some trouble.
The panic attacks.
[delicate orchestral music]
I'm sorry. I shouldn't--
Hey...
How about a movie night?
It's lisa's turn to
bring the popcorn.
We'll forget about
everything and have some fun.
I'd like that a lot. You guys
are the best friends ever.
Well. of course we are.
We kind of love the hell
outta you too. lady.
Well. duty calls.
I'll get the rights to the
zingers file for your art board.
-Okay?
-Awesome.
Thanks. marie.
Sure.
[soft piano music]
Damn.
♪♪
Take with food and milk.
Great.
[bell jingling]
Hey. do you guys have some
milk. maybe a small bottle?
Yeah. absolutely.
[April] thank you.
Oh. hey. you want your change?
Keep it as a tip.
[cashier] okay. thanks.
[anxious instrumental music]
[pills rattle]
Hey. let me give you
a hand with that.
Are you okay?
I just...
I just need to
take my medicine.
Yeah. Of course.
Hey!
[April breathing heavily]
[April] come on.
[breathing slows]
[knock on door]
[jimmy] hey. you
still with us?
It's jimmy. My...
My name's jimmy.
I didn't get your
name. but I...
I just want you to know
that you're not alone.
I know that probably
doesn't mean much
Coming from a
complete stranger.
But for what it's worth.
I'd like to help if I can.
[April] April.
What?
My name's April.
It's nice to meet you. April.
You feeling any better?
A little.
Can I get you anything?
No.
I'm in a weird
situation right now.
I have these trigger
moments and...
Someone I really care
about's in the hospital.
And I'm not handling
it too well.
I've never freaked out
like this in public.
So I'm pretty embarrassed.
Oh. don't be.
You're going through
a lot. I get it.
Jimmy. what you did back
there. that was really nice.
The kindness of strangers
is rare. these days.
Well. I don't think
we're strangers anymore.
[both chuckle]
So...
You gonna be okay to drive home?
I can totally give you a lift.
But my car.
Oh. I don't mind coming
back and getting it for you.
Yeah right.
I'm gonna give you my keys
and I'll never see you again.
Totally.
How did you know that I was
the world's slickest car thief?
I always know these things.
[both chuckle]
Would you mind terribly if
I checked in on you later?
Just to make sure that you
got home safe and everything.
I'm fine. Thanks for offering.
But. you know...
Here's my card if you wanna
call me to chat on the phone.
Graphic design.
Nice.
Thanks again. jimmy.
[jimmy sighs]
[uneasy instrumental music]
-[birds chirping]
-[dog barking]
[phone ringing]
Hey. how's it going?
Everything set up?
Hi. marie. I'm good.
Feeling strong.
You know. I do the
whole zen thing
When I'm in my safe place.
I know.
April. you know it
wasn't your fault.
What happened to
you and patrick.
Tell everyone I miss them.
Let mario know that I'll be in
the office as soon as I can.
And I will slay this fruity
monster thing in no time.
I'll call lisa
about movie night.
Can't wait to see you both.
-Bye.
[call ends]
Hello. sunshine!
You know. kathy. I haven't
always been the outdoors type.
Mom was always saying.
"go get you some sun."
But I was always
inside drawing.
Well. she was right.
Fresh air and morning
sun are great medicine.
How's the arm feeling today?
I think it's fine.
Good.
We'll do physical therapy
later on if that's okay.
Yeah.
And kathy. thanks
again for stepping in
On such short notice.
I owe you one.
Of course.
[soft orchestral music]
[crickets chirping]
[jimmy sighs]
[low ominous music]
Hm.
[phone ringing]
Um...
Hello?
Who's this?
It's your car thief.
Jimmy. [chuckles]
[jimmy] how you doing?
I'm a little overwhelmed.
Well. if there's anything I
can get you. I'm glad to help.
That's so kind.
But I'll have to admit it.
It's a little scary having a
new friend during all of this.
I overstepped. didn't I?
No. no. no. You didn't.
You're a nice guy.
fast with a quip. too.
Which I appreciate.
But I have a friend. kathy.
Who's a nurse. staying with me.
She helps me with
a lot of my issues.
And I don't wanna overwhelm
you with my problems.
I totally get it.
And the last thing I want to
do is step on kathy's toes.
Thanks. jimmy.
That means a lot.
It really does.
Talk soon. okay?
Take care.
[anxious instrumental music]
[crickets chirping]
[stella sighs]
[gentle piano music]
-[stella v.O.] April.
-[keyboard clacking]
I know you're hurting.
And I want to be there for you.
I know you blame me for what
happened to your father.
For the way he died.
But there are things
you just don't know.
I love you. sweetheart.
I want to help you heal.
Please get back to me.
[stella sighs]
[crickets chirping]
[low eerie music]
Hey guys. I want to
send loads of thanks
To all of my friends
Who have sent me well
wishes and flowers.
I'm so lucky to have you guys.
What happened was
a real tragedy.
And I can't say that times
haven't been hard for me.
But I am rising
above. as they say.
Nurse kathy is amazing.
and I'll continue to post.
I love you guys. and
thanks so much again.
Bye.
[ominous atmospheric music]
[April] what are you doing?
Why are you acting this way?
April. I love you!
Why does this have
to be goodbye?
Patrick. what's happening?
I loved you April!
-I'll always love you!
-[engine revs]
Patrick. slow down!
Just me and you against
the world now. April!
-Don't be afraid.
-[engine revs]
Patrick. stop the car!
-I love you. April!
-Patrick!
[April screams]
[cars crash]
[April gasping]
[lisa] hey. best friend!
Hey. girl!
[lisa] how are you?
I'm good as long as you
brought me my sushi.
I don't know how
you eat this stuff.
It smells like a fishing pier.
How would you know? You
never even tried it.
I've never tried
skydiving either.
But there's a reason we
don't have wings. girl.
Valid point.
[both laugh]
Hey. so how's
kathy working out?
She's been great.
I feel really safe
with her there.
Good.
You should maybe
give stella a call.
She's worried.
I will...
Soon.
Well. don't wait too long.
She's your mom.
and she loves you.
Oh. god. Listen to me.
[both laugh]
I sound like somebody's
social worker!
You sound like
somebody's best friend...
Best friend.
You know...
I had an awful
dream last night.
It felt real.
And I think I'm just afraid of
losing everyone I care about.
And I feel like the situation
that happened is my fault
And everything is
just closing in.
Listen to me.
It's not your fault.
Plus. you know I'm
not going anywhere.
Come on. Just eat
your yucky raw fish.
I'm having me some good.
old-fashioned rabbit food.
Yeah. you have fun with that.
[both laugh]
[crickets chirping]
[nurse kathy] why do you
think you keep distancing
From your mother?
I don't want to. but what
happened with my dad...
I just can't seem to
move past that. you know?
He said mom didn't
want him there.
And a few days later
he just kills himself.
I locked myself in a room.
didn't come out for days.
Didn't eat. and hardly slept.
And now here you are.
Yeah.
You've trapped yourself
with resentment. April.
Do you see that?
Yeah. I do.
But I want to move past this.
I know I have to move
past this. I will.
[nurse kathy] you're
gonna be fine.
Yeah.
[nurse kathy] I need to
go pick up my dinner.
I'm famished.
[soft ominous music]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
[low ominous music]
[bottle rattling]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
-[tire iron smacks]
-[kathy grunts]
[April sighs]
[phone line ringing]
[police siren wailing]
[nurse kathy recording] this
is kathy carpenter. r.N.
I'm away at the moment.
Please leave your message.
[voicemail beeps]
[April] hey. been
gone a long time.
Maybe you ate at
the restaurant or...
Had to run home or something.
Please call me so
I know what's what.
Okay?
[April sighs]
[anxious string music]
[soft orchestral music]
[phone ringing]
Hey. you.
I've got some bad news.
Brace yourself. okay?
Wait. what's going on?
[lisa] the police found
nurse kathy in a parking lot.
What?
They told me it
looks like severe
Blunt force head trauma.
They admitted her to mccabe
general last night as a jane doe
Because someone stole her id.
They had to run a trace
through her car registration.
If they let me in to see her.
Maybe I'll get more
information at the hospital.
I'm on my way there now.
I'd like to be there too.
Okay. I'll see you soon.
[anxious instrumental music]
Can you just let me know as
soon as you have a room number?
-Lisa!
-Okay.
-Hey.
[April] how is she?
They say she'll be okay.
They took her out
of I.C.U. This morning.
But she's still not awake.
They're not letting anyone
in to see her just yet.
Well. at least there's
some good news. right?
Yeah. yeah.
I just...
I keep thinking about--
Patrick.
Yeah.
You know. I'm
gonna go visit him.
[lisa] tread carefully. okay?
I will.
[delicate instrumental music]
[monitor beeping]
Hey.
I know you probably
can't hear me at all.
But we never really got
a chance to say goodbye.
I remember when we first met.
I was so in awe of you.
I never wanted to hurt you
or anyone you cared about.
We were so in love.
And I guess part of me will
always love you. patrick.
[April] this...
This is goodbye.
I have to move
on. and so do you.
I know you'll get
better and double down.
And you'll conquer the world.
And I will be so
happy for you.
Take care of susan. okay?
She's a good woman.
You guys deserve
a second chance.
And who knows?
Maybe I'll even get one too.
[tense orchestral music]
[phone ringing]
Well. hello again.
I hope you don't
mind me calling back.
No. no. not at all.
[low ominous music]
It has been a rough day though.
Oh no. Why?
Remember my friend. nurse
kathy. who was staying with me?
She's in the hospital.
Oh. April. I'm so sorry.
Is there anything I can do?
No.
I just have to realize
that some things
Are just outta my
control. you know?
I do know.
Look. I actually was
calling because...
I was wondering if maybe you
wanted to get lunch sometime.
I'm guessing today's sort
of off the table. but...
No. I'm actually
kind of starving.
What'd you have in mind?
I'm guessing you're a
cheeseburger kind of lady.
Very perceptive.
Perfect. How about we
meet at the park off adams?
I think I'd like that.
Mmm.
You know the secret
to a good burger?
What?
It's the veggies.
Nice crisp piece of lettuce.
fresh tomato. little pickle.
Gives it that crunch. Mmm!
The things you learned
in culinary school.
Oh. I didn't know you
were in culinary school.
[jimmy] mm-hm.
That's pretty cool.
I know this might
sound a little crazy.
But I feel really
comfortable with you.
I did since the
first time we met.
And I can't really
explain it. but...
I tend to jump in situations.
And sometimes they're worth
it. and sometimes not so much.
Well. we live and learn.
[anxious atmospheric music]
Live and learn. right?
[jimmy] you okay?
Sorry.
You reminded me of somebody.
He used to say
that all the time.
"you live and learn."
Well. it's a pretty
old expression.
I'm sure a lot
of people use it.
God. I'm sorry.
I need to move on. [chuckles]
It just...
It seems so inhuman.
They say there's
always something there
To remind you of them.
When I was a kid.
my dad used to say.
"take it on the chin.
sit up straight.
And don't let
anybody see you cry."
He died when I was a kid.
It was just me and my
brother after that.
I'm sorry.
[jimmy] don't be.
[jimmy] live and learn. right?
Live and learn. right?
[anxious atmospheric music]
[April hyperventilating]
You okay?
No. no. I don't...
Look. I'm sorry.
I have to go home!
Hey!
April!
April. come back!
[jimmy] April!
April!
Look out!
[horn blares]
[April screams]
Are you okay? Are you okay?
I think so.
They didn't even slow down.
Some samaritan. huh?
[April panting]
You saved my life.
I feel so dumb.
These...
Attacks.
No. no. no. no.
You're okay. You're
okay now. all right?
Okay.
Thank you.
You mind following me home?
I'm sorry. jimmy.
You probably think
I'm some crazy woman.
I don't think that at all.
I think you're going
through a lot right now.
And you are reacting like
any normal person would.
April. I think you're amazing.
Maybe we can try again tomorrow?
Of course.
I'll make lunch.
Real food this time.
I'd like that.
Great.
[uneasy instrumental music]
-Hey. April. check this...
-[April laughing]
April!
Put that silly thing down!
[stella chuckles]
Okay. you know what
mommy doesn't like?
And that's being on camera.
[April] no. you have to tell me!
-Mom. you promised. okay?
-All right. all right.
The things mommy loves most
are muffins in the morning.
Blue skies in the afternoon.
And my favorite season in the
whole wide world. which is...
April!
[stella laughing]
Now gimme that camera!
Give it to me! Give it to me!
You come here!
They tell me
you're stabilizing.
You'll come back to me soon.
That makes me so happy.
[patrick murmuring]
April.
[low tense music]
[distorted chatter]
I am not giving up
on you. patrick.
I forgive you for all of it.
[susan gasps]
[nurse] kathy is
alert and on her feet.
But the doctor wants to
keep her a few more days
For observation.
That's great news. Thank you.
They told me kathy's
up and about.
But they're gonna keep
her a few more days.
I'm gonna head that way
before I go back to work.
Okay. well. tell her I'll
come by and see her soon.
And thanks again for helping
me clean this pigs sty of mine.
This pig sty...
Is gorgeous. and you know it.
You are just
nervous about lunch.
Two days in a row
with mr. Interesting.
Okay. I guess you
know me a little bit.
To be honest. I'm a
little nervous too.
I mean. you met him
at a restaurant?
How do men and
women usually meet?
Nothing's perfect. right?
I just want you to be careful.
Sometimes a guy moves fast.
And I wouldn't want to see you
get into a weird situation.
And I love you for
caring so much.
-And you're right.
-[phone ringing]
And that's why I'm
playing it. Cool.
Okay.
It's mom.
You should talk to her.
Hey.
Honey. you picked up.
[April] yeah.
I heard from lisa about
what happened to kathy.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. it kind of puts
things in perspective.
Yeah.
I don't know. I
guess I've just been
In a strange place these days.
But I do want us to work through
our problems. I really do.
Do you think we could
maybe see each other soon?
You know. face to face?
Yeah. let's talk later today.
Thank you.
I love you. Take care.
Love you too.
You nailed that!
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
It's your mom.
She loves you.
All right.
[soft anxious music]
Hey there.
[jimmy] hey!
You must be jimmy. I'm lisa.
It's nice to meet you. I'd...
I'd shake your hand.
But I've got kind of
a full arm load here.
No worries. I'm sure we'll
see each other again soon.
Yeah.
You guys have fun.
Thanks.
[phone line ringing]
[marie] hey. I was
gonna call later.
April doing okay?
She's hanging in. but. hey.
I need for you to do
me and her a favor.
It might sound a little
sinister at first.
Sinister?
I'm all about the sinister.
Here's what I need you to do.
Oh. nice!
You hungry?
Of course. I'm always starving.
Great. Let's eat.
I'll go put these in water.
[soft electronic music]
[knife chopping]
[tense atmospheric music]
Jimmy. whatever you're
doing in there...
It smells amazing.
I'll be right there.
[jimmy breathing heavily]
There we go.
And I'll be right
back with the drinks.
Okay.
I cannot wait to try this.
[unsettling electronic music]
[ice cubes rattling]
-Thank you.
-There you go.
We've got take a selfie.
-Okay.
-Okay?
Ready?
Yeah.
[camera shutter clicks]
There we go.
God. this looks good.
Well. my instructor
tells me I am talented
But not a genius.
[April chuckles]
They wouldn't know
genius if they tasted it.
This is incredible.
-Yeah?
-Mm-hm.
Well. I'm gonna have a
restaurant in a few years.
That's the plan anyways.
I like the idea of
providing sustenance
To large groups of people.
I guess I've just always
been a server. you know?
That's very noble.
and beautiful.
April. can I ask you a question?
Of course.
I know you lost someone
special recently.
I'm just--
He's in the hospital. but
we're not together anymore.
His name's patrick.
Do you still love him?
I love him enough that
I had to let him go.
That was the right thing to do.
And I'm glad you're here now.
But let's just take things slow.
We have all the
time in the world.
Okay.
Here.
Here's to new friends
and new beginnings.
[glasses clink]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
April. wait.
[knocking on door]
Um...
Are you expecting someone?
No. not really.
I apologize. I
will be right back.
[low anxious music]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
[pours out drinks]
Hi.
Mom.
May I come in? I
bought us some goodies.
I meant on the phone.
I guess I thought it'd be
better to do so in person.
You know. we haven't seen
each other at all since...
I actually have
somebody over right now.
But since you're here
already. please. come in.
[phone ringing]
Hey. marie.
Well. I just thought
I'd let you know
I'm doing the deep sinister
dive on jimmy conway.
Oh. anything weird?
No. in fact there's
almost nothing at all.
No social profiles.
no personal info.
I found some details from the
cooking school he's attending.
But that's basically it.
My gosh.
If April knew that we
were checking on him.
She would be so mad.
Let's just drop this. I guess.
He's a nice guy. and we'll
just leave it at that.
I'll see you soon.
Hey. let's get
together for lunch.
All right. girl. Thank you.
[mysterious instrumental music]
Why am I still getting a
weird feeling about you?
I mean. what grad student
isn't on social media?
[drink pouring]
Thank you.
Would you like some
more tea. stella?
No. thank you.
By the way. this
was so delicious.
Oh. good.
And these pastries
look incredible.
Are they from your
catering business?
Mm-hm. We specialize
in desserts.
The cooks have
always been foodies.
It's even in our family name.
Well. I guess that skipped
a generation with me.
Because I can't
even boil an egg.
You're an artist though.
And you've done so
well for yourself.
This home is beautiful.
Thanks. mom.
Well. I'll give
you two a minute.
I got a kitchen to clean anyway.
[stella] I probably should
have called before I came by.
No. I should have called you.
[faucet running]
I've just been dealing with
a lot of feelings lately.
I know we've never discussed
What happened with your father.
And I've allowed that
to fester for years.
You left us. and he died.
And you blame me.
I understand. I really do.
There's so much you
don't know. April.
Now is probably
not the right time.
With you having company and all.
But let me just
say this one thing.
In all my life.
You're the only thing
that ever mattered. April.
I tried to protect you
from bad things. I...
Protected you too much.
I didn't want you to hurt.
[April] I promise I
wanna work through this.
I wanna hear what
you have to say.
Just when the time's right.
Fair enough.
But until then. know that I
love you. and I'm here to help.
Thanks. mom.
Well. I hate to eat and run.
But I just got a
call from the school.
So I'm gonna have
to run by there.
And I think this alone time
with you guys is gonna be good.
[stella chuckles]
Call you later?
-Of course.
-Okay.
It was wonderful meeting you.
You too.
Charming young man.
[April chuckles]
[tense atmospheric music]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
[susan] so what do
you think I should do?
[jeb] my advice as your attorney
is that you sue for divorce.
He was having an affair.
You'll get damn near
everything in the settlement.
I don't want a settlement.
I want my husband back.
Why should I give him to
her? Why should she win?
Any news on his recovery?
He's in an induced
coma right now.
They're not sure if he'll
walk again. but he'll live.
Well. that's good.
But my advice is that you
consider the possibility
That he may take up
with ms. Cook again.
I won't let that
happen. mr. Challis.
I'm going to do my best
to take care of him
To bring him back to me.
And god willing. we
will be happy again.
You seem pretty sure about that.
I'm hopeful.
[ominous instrumental music]
[phone ringing]
Hey.
April. it's great to see you!
Everything okay?
Yeah.
Actually working
in nature today.
Nice.
Actually I do need some help.
I need to look at some '80s
and '90 cereal box designs.
They want that
retro kind of look.
Do you mind printing
the research out
On the big color
machine at work
And bringing it by
my place tomorrow?
Mm-hm.
I'll definitely be
back in work soon.
I just wanna nail this and get
it in tomorrow before then.
Sure. I'm on it.
Oh. hey. I'm really
glad you're coming back.
It's not the same without you.
Thanks. marie.
Bye.
Hey you.
-[uneasy instrumental music]
-jimmy?
I thought I might
find you here.
Stalking me already. huh?
I wanted to surprise you.
Oh! They're so pretty.
Yeah. they reminded me of you.
Jimmy. I'm flattered by
all of this attention. but--
Oh no. I know. I know. I know.
You gotta take it slow.
I just wanted you to know
that I was thinking about you.
That means a lot.
It really does.
Do you wanna go on
a walk or something?
Actually. I am
late for a thing.
But what are you
doing later tonight?
What did you have in mind?
There's a new kate
scarlett movie streaming.
I hear it's really funny.
You know. I am overdue
for some red wine
And some rom-coms.
Eight o'clock. your place?
I'll take care of the vino.
Sounds great.
Cool.
Thanks again.
-See ya.
-I'll see you.
[tense instrumental music]
[marie sighs]
Who are you. jimmy conway?
[crickets chirping]
[ominous piano music]
[cologne sprays]
[eerie whooshing]
[glass clinking]
[low ominous music]
[both chuckling]
Well. that was
amazing as always.
I think you're
going to spoil me.
Well. I will defer to you for
tonight's movie selection.
Okay.
As long as you let
me pick the wine.
Fair enough. but fair warning.
I have an unhealthy
obsession with low comedy.
Perfect.
Because my jokes are terrible.
[April laughs]
Um...
I should clean the dishes.
[phone ringing]
[April] hey.
Hold on a sec.
[knife scrapes]
[ominous instrumental music]
[lisa] marie called
about movie night.
She is totally peeved
that you are watching
The new kate movie without us.
Peeved? [chuckles]
[tense pulsating music]
How's it
going with jimmy?
Lisa. are you
checking up on me?
No!
Well. yes.
You don't have to worry.
Everything's fine.
That's good.
[April] and I haven't had
any panic attacks
-In the past few days. so...
-[knife tapping]
I think everything's
getting better.
You know. I'm finally feeling
the pressure lift away.
Like I'm moving forward
And leaving all that
bad stuff behind.
A happy ending.
[low ominous music]
Have fun. okay?
Bye.
[gentle music on television]
The pinnacle of 1980s
cinema. [chuckles]
Sure.
I am so sorry I made
you slog through that.
Nah.
Hey. it makes you
happy. [chuckles]
How about some more wine?
Indubitably.
Okay!
[both chuckling]
A happy ending.
[soft ominous music]
[drink pours]
[April] I think I'm feeling
that last glass.
We never know until we've
gone too far. right?
[both chuckle]
Right.
[soft tense music]
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just...
I'm thinking about the future.
Mm.
Oh my.
I'm so tired.
You'll sleep now.
You'll sleep through it all.
and you won't feel the thing.
I promise.
[tense string music]
[jimmy's breath shaking]
[knife scrapes]
[disturbing
instrumental music]
[knife scrapes]
[jimmy panting]
[jimmy sobs]
-[birds chirping]
-[uneasy instrumental music]
I'm so embarrassed.
I never just pass
out like that.
I guess my mind and body are
just worn out these days.
You do not need to
keep apologizing.
I'm just glad you let me
crash on the couch last night.
Well. hey. I got a free
brunch out of the deal. right?
[both laugh]
Yep.
April...
If I told you that I
was falling for you.
Would that be crazy?
We're all a little
crazy sometimes.
[knocking on door]
Oh. that's marie.
I'll introduce you guys.
She's awesome.
[low tense music]
Hey. you.
[marie] it's so
good to see you.
The office sucks
without the April magic.
Anyway. here is the
stuff that you wanted.
Printed out for your art board
just the way you like it.
[April] you are a lifesaver.
Hi.
Hi. jimmy. You're here early.
Um. have we met?
Lisa told me about you.
Oh. All good things I hope?
Mm...
You got a great review.
[jimmy exhales]
Yeah. we kind of had a little
Impromptu slumber
party last night.
[marie] hmm.
Get your mind outta the
gutter. It's not like that.
Well. I should hope not.
Anyway. here's the
stuff that you wanted.
-[phone beeping]
-I did a pretty deep dive.
Looked at a bunch of boxes
from the '80s like you wanted.
I think this one's
actually pretty great.
[low ominous music]
[April] yeah. Thank
you for doing this.
[marie] of course. Yeah.
Let me know if you
need anything else.
I can look up a
bunch more stuff.
Obviously we have a
lot of archives. so.
Yeah.
Uh. you'll have
excuse me. girls.
I have to run back
to the school.
I guess I picked up the
wrong reapplication forms.
I'll see you later?
[April] yeah. I have
homework anyways.
[marie] I'll walk you out.
Okay.
I'll see you both later.
[tense instrumental music]
So. how do you like
cooking school?
You're at the brenton
academy. right?
Yeah. it's great. How
did you know that?
Eh. word gets around.
And I might have
looked you up
On a little something
called the internet.
Uh-huh.
[marie] just looking out
for my girl. you know?
Sure.
Forgive me for being nosy.
Oh. of course. And I promise
she is in good hands.
I should hope so.
Thank you.
[mysterious instrumental music]
[phone ringing]
Hey. honey. You answered.
I think I'll be doing
that more often now.
You know. I was
thinking the other day
About how I would follow
you around with the camera.
It's funny how stuff
like that matters so much
When you're a kid. and then
later it just seems so silly.
I think we just change.
Growing up just means
facing the future.
It does. doesn't it?
I love you so much April.
I love you too. mom.
[stella sighs]
[mysterious instrumental music]
[marie] that sure doesn't look
Like a cooking teacher. jimmy.
Who the hell are you?
Is it done jimmy?
I...
I don't-
Just calm down.
Everything's been
taken care of.
Your lease has been renewed.
And we paid your tuition
for the next semester.
Plus. I deposited the
money into your account.
What we agreed upon.
I am so grateful
for both of you.
[low tense music]
How's he doing?
Your brother's going to be fine.
Now please answer me.
Have you made good
on your commitment?
Is it done?
I had an opportunity. but...
Jimmy. what happened?
You know I don't
like this. susan.
There has to be another way.
No.
No. she has to die.
She told me that she didn't
wanna see patrick anymore.
She said she was moving on.
She's lying.
I saw her at the hospital.
She's still seeing him.
And your brother will
leave me for her.
We can't let that happen.
What if we get caught?
We won't.
But only if you follow
the plan to the letter
And don't make a single mistake.
No one will ever know.
Patrick will grieve for her...
Then come back to me. and
our family will live on.
Why can't you just
do it yourself?
[susan scoffs]
You know it has to
look a certain way
So that neither one
of us are implicated.
I deleted all of your
social media profiles
And online references that
connect you to our family.
And you are his half brother.
So you don't have
his last name.
And that nurse?
April's friend?
You tried to take her
out to make way for me?
[tire iron smacks]
[disturbing instrumental music]
You never said you never
said anything about--
Just don't think about that.
Think about our future.
Jimmy. we love you.
We are going to take
good care of you.
You are going to
own a restaurant.
I am gonna have children.
All you have to do
is follow through.
[low tense music]
What if I take her
someplace far away
Where you never have
to see her again?
Wouldn't that get rid
of all of our problems?
[susan chuckles]
What...
What are you saying?
You haven't started
to care for that girl?
I'm in love with her.
[tense instrumental music]
[susan's breath shaking]
Please leave.
[susan exhales]
[jimmy panting]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
[mysterious instrumental music]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
[shower running]
[mysterious instrumental music]
This is crazy.
This is so crazy.
[susan] hello.
[unsettling instrumental music]
Hi?
What are you doing here?
Why are you following jimmy?
Was I?
You're April cook's
girl friend. Marie. is it?
How do you know that?
People who live online
Shouldn't be surprised when
someone knows all about them.
You're here to spy
for her. aren't you?
Look. I think there's been
-A big misunderstanding.
-You know. marie.
I should really thank you.
I had a setback today.
And you are gonna help
make all that go away.
[low tense music]
Now. turn around.
go inside quietly.
Don't worry. Jimmy
doesn't lock the doors.
Typical bachelor.
Please. Please
Just stay calm.
Sounds like jimmy's
just finishing a shower.
He'll be out here shortly.
We can all sit down
and have a little talk.
Look. I don't know
what's going on here.
But I promise I
won't say... [crying]
Oh my god.
[soft tense music]
Oh. marie.
-[gun shot]
-[marie gasps]
[body thuds]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
What did you do?
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry. jimmy.
Oh my god.
She's dead!
She knew what was going on.
She followed you
from my house.
She would've told
April everything.
I had to deal with it.
[jimmy] you killed her.
Jimmy...
I regret all of this.
There's been so much
collateral damage.
But my mother taught me
a very important lesson
When I was a child.
She taught me to stand
up for our family.
She was strong. but
she did it out of love.
Listen. I love you. jimmy.
I'm going to protect you.
Now...
Here's what I want you to do.
I want you to go to April's
house. surprise with flowers.
Be charming. keep
up appearances.
I will take care of everything.
What are you gonna do with her?
The less you know. the better.
Please. jimmy.
Please.
[soft tense music]
[troubled instrumental music]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
[phone unlocks]
[low ominous music]
[text message whooshes]
[somber instrumental music]
[lisa on phone]
hey. What's wrong?
It's probably nothing.
Please tell me.
Well. marie just
got on a plane
And went out of town and
didn't even called me.
She said it was for
like a family thing.
I don't know. She's never done
anything like this before.
Well. how did you know
about it if she didn't call?
I got all these
weird text messages.
I don't know.
Did she call you?
No. but let me see if
I can get ahold of her.
I'm sure it's fine.
I'll see what I
can find out. okay?
Okay.
I'll talk
to you later. hon.
[knocking on door]
Jimmy. what's wrong?
[soft instrumental music]
Jimmy...
Oh.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to--
Don't. Don't be sorry.
I think we were both ready
to move to the next step.
Was that what's
been bothering you?
April. would it be all
right if I stayed the night?
I would sleep on the couch.
I just want to be close to you.
And I wanna make sure
that you're safe.
-Jimmy. that's sweet but--
-April. please.
Okay. but just for tonight.
Yeah.
I still don't know how I
feel about all of this.
I totally understand.
We've got a lot
of time together.
How about I get us
something to drink?
-Okay. Yeah.
-Okay.
[anxious instrumental music]
[monitor beeping]
Everything's been taken care of.
I went to the girl's house
and left her car there.
Took her suitcases. got rid
of them done by the river.
Covered every base.
I'm so sorry I had
to do all this.
But there was no other way.
And don't worry. I made sure
jimmy will follow through.
Wrapped her body
in his bedsheets.
I wiped away all
my fingerprints.
Planted his gun next to her.
Made sure her
phone was disabled.
I even put the picture he
had of you in her pocket.
It'll look like she
broke into his house
And he caught her
stealing it and shot her.
You'll see how happy we'll
be when April's gone.
[phone line ringing]
[marie recording] hey. this is
the cell phone of marie javins.
Please leave a message
after the beep.
[voicemail beeps]
Okay. weird girl.
I'm not really sure
where you ran off to.
And I'm sure your plane
has landed by now.
So can you please give your
officially upset besties a call.
Like right now?
Okay.
[low anxious music]
Hey. mom.
Hey.
Hey. I was just...
I'm so glad you came by.
Listen. I have to go
to work soon. but-
It's okay.
I actually can't stay long.
Jimmy's making us breakfast.
He stayed over last night.
What?
He slept on the couch. mom.
[both chuckling]
But I think it may be
something more someday.
And it has me thinking a lot
about family and about us.
And I haven't been getting
good sleep at night. I just...
I hear you.
Mom...
You said that there are some
things that I needed to know.
Some things that you've
been protecting me from.
[stella sighs]
When your father went
away. you blamed me.
But I couldn't help
what happened to him.
He wasn't the man
you thought he was.
He was--
Mom. please.
He was angry. honey.
I was very bad.
For a long. long time.
I never let you see it.
I...
Had to file a restraining order
to keep him from hurting me.
And that's when he left us.
I'm so sorry I never told you.
My god.
I had no idea. mom.
In my family. when
I was growing up.
Abuse was simply overlooked.
We were told it was
part of being raised.
When I became a mother.
I never let that happen to you.
But I let it happen to me.
[stella sighs]
Baby. there's so
much more to tell.
But I've never known
how to say it until now.
And I just...
I've made such a massive thing.
Now you haven't.
[delicate piano music]
We're working
through things now.
And I don't know how I
feel about all of this.
But I'm listening. and
I'm still your daughter.
You're still my favorite
season in the whole wide world.
Oh. baby...
I love you.
I love you too.
[anxious atmospheric music]
[phone ringing]
Yes. this is susan banister.
[nurse becky] this
is nurse becky.
I have some bad news.
Yes?
Your husband just passed away.
I'm sorry.
[susan clears throat]
I understand. I'll...
Give a few minutes.
I'll call you back.
Of course.
[tense instrumental music]
[susan sniffles]
Jimmy. I'm back.
What?
[uneasy electronic music]
This is insane.
They said he was gonna be fine.
Well. I guess they were wrong.
We must honor your brother.
What about marie?
What happens when April and
lisa start looking for her?
The police are
gonna be involved.
Well. if there's no
body. there's no crime.
So long as we finish
what we started.
What's that supposed to mean?
Now that patrick is gone.
We are obligated more than
ever to follow through.
But April hasn't done anything.
So there's no need
to hurt her anymore.
She is responsible for all
of this. and I want her dead.
You'll make that happen.
just like we planned.
Or marie's body will be
found. and when that happens.
I made sure all the evidence
points right at you.
[tense electronic music]
You're the one who killed her.
That'll be your story.
But the police will
never believe it.
The gun that killed marie is
registered in your name. jimmy.
How the hell did you--
Never mind how I
did it. It's done.
Please. don't fight me.
I'll do whatever I have to.
You're blackmailing me?
I love you. jimmy.
You're my brother-in-law.
We'll always be family. Just
do this one thing for me.
Please.
Kill her!
[tense music builds]
-[intense drum music]
-[jimmy breathing heavily]
[crickets chirping]
[smacks steering wheel]
[banging steering wheel]
[jimmy breathing heavily]
[text message whooshes]
[phone chirps]
[jimmy] I can't
do what you want.
I love her. and
so did my brother.
I won't hurt her.
Oh. jimmy.
[intense instrumental music]
[phone beeps]
[gloomy instrumental music]
[frantic knocking on door]
Hey. sorry to barge in.
I just had to come over.
I'm really freaking out.
Wait. wait. What's going on?
Well...
I couldn't reach marie
on the phone all day.
Which is totally not like her.
So I went over to her
house and sort of broke in.
Okay. just calm down. I'm
sure everything's fine.
It's not fine at all. April.
Her car was there. but
her suitcases were gone.
And her lucky charm bracelet.
It was right there
on the dresser.
[ominous instrumental music]
She'd never get on an
airplane without this thing.
Never.
She wouldn't just
leave like that either.
I have a very bad
feeling about this.
Me too.
Susan just texted me.
Patrick died this morning.
Oh my god.
[somber instrumental music]
I thought they said he was
getting better. What happened?
[April] I don't
know what happened.
[vehicle approaches]
[jimmy exhales]
[knocking on door]
You expecting someone?
No.
I'll get it
The worst time to come over.
Hello. jimmy. co--
Hey.
Hey. where have you been?
I needed time.
I had so much I
had to think about.
Patrick's dead.
I know.
How?
April. can I talk to you alone?
I think I'm fine standing
right here. jimmy!
Patrick is my half-brother.
What?
You must have known who I
was back at the restaurant
When we first met!
Yes.
Did you follow me
there from work?
Yes.
So you've been stalking
her since day one.
It's not like that. It's...
It's much. much worse.
But I cannot tell you
right now. not yet.
You're gonna hate me
when find it all out.
But right now we've got
to get out of here. April.
We've gotta go to the police.
And I will tell them everything.
Police?
Yes. I will confess.
I'll tell them what susan did.
I'll tell them what we both did.
I'll tell them about
marie and kathy.
What are you talking about?
It's susan.
She's out of control now. and
she's not gonna stop until-
Jimmy.
What did she do?
What did you do?
[phone ringing]
[April] not a good time. mom.
[footsteps approaching]
[lisa gasps]
[jimmy] susan.
no! Don't do this!
[susan] please.
hang up the phone.
Did I hear you say
that was your mom?
[April] yes.
Is she coming over here?
No. no. she's out of town.
Play the message she left.
Put it on speaker
so I can hear.
[drops phone and stomps]
[suspenseful
instrumental music]
-[gun shit]
-[women screams]
Jimmy!
Please. don't move.
either of you!
[women sobbing]
Jimmy. I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to.
[jimmy breathing heavily]
They made me do it.
You both...
You both made me do it!
[women sobbing]
[vehicle approaches]
[dog barking]
[gate creaks]
[knocks on door]
Hey.
I called. but you
didn't answer.
I didn't answer because I
don't want you to be here!
Please don't say that.
I thought we were
making progress.
Well. you thought wrong.
I need you to leave.
Honey...
Please.
Mom. you don't understand.
What?
I mean. I know I
failed you in the past.
But I'll do whatever I
can to make it right.
I can't tell you right now.
I can't say anything. I
just need you to leave.
April. please.
don't send me away.
Okay. we can work all this out.
I'm your mother. and I love you.
I love you too. mom.
but you have to leave.
I can't say anything.
Please just go.
All right.
I'm going.
But know that I'll
never give up on you.
Just get out!
-April!
-[door slams]
[low intense music]
[April panting]
[lisa whimpering]
Are you happy now. you monster?
I'm not happy at all. April!
[gate creaks]
I didn't wanna do any of this.
But jimmy failed me.
I'm sorry. but...
You all have to die.
April!
No!
-[gun thwacks]
-[body thuds]
[stella growls]
[susan and stella grunting]
[body slams]
[women grunting]
[gun fires]
[body thuds]
No. no. Don't.
Please. don't.
-[susan breathing heavily]
-[stella whimpering]
[suspenseful instrumental music]
-[April shouts]
-[vase shatters]
[body thuds]
April.
Oh. baby.
[gentle instrumental music]
I love you. April.
[April] I love you.
[jimmy] my dearest April.
I cannot begin to
express the regret I feel
Over what happened that night.
But I am happy the
darkness has lifted
And you and yours are safe now.
[jimmy and April] if I could
change the past. I would.
The next best thing. I
guess. is to make amends.
We all lose our way sometimes.
[just April] we all find
ourselves faced
With difficult choices.
But none of that
excuses what I did.
I never expect
you to forgive me.
But please know that. for the
sake of you and your mother
And everything I
almost cost you.
I will remain beholden
to you. April.
For the rest of my life.
Jimmy."
I don't know whether to hate
him or feel sorry for him.
He had a few issues.
But he can't hurt you anymore.
How many is that now?
17 letters.
Wow.
I should probably
just throw them away.
It's good that you haven't.
You're trying to
make sense of it all.
Maybe.
You saved his life.
Ours too.
[gentle piano music]
You know. the funny thing is
I just keep seeing
how he looked at me.
How I saw patrick and
him the whole time
And didn't even know it.
He would even use patrick's
catchphrase. "live and learn".
Sometimes we just can't see
what's right in front of us.
You know. it's too close.
Yeah.
And I think you really
wanted your happy ending.
I really wanted
that for you too.
Who knew. right?
[April] yeah.
Well. they'll both be
in prison a long time
For what they did.
You're strong.
You've already made it.
how you've closed the door.
We're both free now.
[soft orchestral music]
[brooding electronic music]